photos/plan.md, before:

# TDS_project2
AI based Data Analyst


### Approch1: 

1. give question.txt, and any other file(csv, img etc) to llm and ask for code and libraries to execute.

2. execute that code in python repl.

Problem: the llm writes code assuming the names on itself which gave raise to too many errors.

### Approch-2:

1. Step first is same. but instead of just whole code we are asking to write code to scrap or read all the data that is avaialable(or given).

2. now gave that question statement and the ouput data to llm again and ask for possible solution which includes:
    - if the problem is small, or chatgpt can answer that  `go ahead and do that` if not,
    - now provide the code for that and we will execute it and answer the question accordingly.


### Approch-3(little modification in approch-2):
 - instead of handing over all the scraped data and question statement to llm again. We done this:
    -   ask first llm to give code for scraping the data and created metadata.txt file that has:
        - metadata of scraped data.
        - important file paths and description of file.
        - asked questions .
        - json format for giving answers.

 - Second llm call gets all the data file paths along with metadata. so this llm tries to generated code for solving them and returning a json based on provided format.

`Note: Sometimes the llm generated code has little mistakes. so, i decided to give llm 3 chances to correct that.`

### Trying to get a good score
- Currently gemini gives bad result for some requests. 
    - possible approch: send multiple llm calls and choose the best result.

### New finding:
- Try to mimic your way of getting solution from llm.
    - my way:
        - ask for code --> error occurs in code.
        - sends the error code. Not the whole question and error code again.
- `Solution: implement chats `
    - send only the part where llm made mistake and get answers.
    - `Plus point: `
    - If we got a working code. But the outputs are wrong, meaning llm gave wrong logic.
        - How to check llm gave wrong logic code. `empty files`
    - ask again
    - uses less Tokens. Don't have to send again the question statement again.

Commit message:

Implemented chats session in gemini.py instead of simple chat complition.

photos/plan.md, after:

# TDS_project2
AI based Data Analyst


### Approch1: 

1. give question.txt, and any other file(csv, img etc) to llm and ask for code and libraries to execute.

2. execute that code in python repl.

Problem: the llm writes code assuming the names on itself which gave raise to too many errors.

### Approch-2:

1. Step first is same. but instead of just whole code we are asking to write code to scrap or read all the data that is avaialable(or given).

2. now gave that question statement and the ouput data to llm again and ask for possible solution which includes:
    - if the problem is small, or chatgpt can answer that  `go ahead and do that` if not,
    - now provide the code for that and we will execute it and answer the question accordingly.


### Approch-3(little modification in approch-2):
 - instead of handing over all the scraped data and question statement to llm again. We done this:
    -   ask first llm to give code for scraping the data and created metadata.txt file that has:
        - metadata of scraped data.
        - important file paths and description of file.
        - asked questions .
        - json format for giving answers.

 - Second llm call gets all the data file paths along with metadata. so this llm tries to generated code for solving them and returning a json based on provided format.

`Note: Sometimes the llm generated code has little mistakes. so, i decided to give llm 3 chances to correct that.`

### Approch-4: Trying to get a good score
- Currently gemini gives bad result for some requests. 
    - possible approch: send multiple llm calls and choose the best result.

### New finding:
- Try to mimic your way of getting solution from llm.
    - my way:
        - ask for code --> error occurs in code.
        - sends the error code. Not the whole question.
- `Solution: implement chats `
    - send only the part where llm made mistake and get answers.
    - `Plus point: `
    - If we got a working code. But the outputs are wrong, meaning llm gave wrong logic.
        - How to check llm gave wrong logic code. `empty files`
    - ask again
    - `Bonus`: uses less Tokens. Don't have to send again the question statement again.

### Matain a single chat session and ask them for code step by step, if some steps has faulty code ask again.
