README.md, before:

# Read this file everything will happen on its own.

`Note: try to use linux distro or install WSL(subsystem for linux) on windows for soomth running.`

## 🚀 Features
- Automatically installs dependencies from `requirements.txt`
- Installs ngrok if not already installed
- Starts `uvicorn` server
- Exposes your local server publicly via ngrok
- Clean shutdown with **Ctrl+C**
---

## 📦 Prerequisites
Make sure you have:
- **Python 3.8+** installed
- **pip** installed

---


## 🔑 Getting Credentials
1. **Google API Key**  
   Get your key here:  
   [https://aistudio.google.com/apikey](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey)

2. **ngrok Auth Token**  
   Register and get your token here:  
   [https://ngrok.com/](https://ngrok.com/)

   ## ONLY COPY SELECTED PART
   ![ngrog screenshot](ngrok_ss.png)

---

## 🛠️ Installation: Just execute this file and enter your credentials

### 1. Make the script executable
```bash
chmod +x start.sh
```

### 2. Then run the script 
```bash
./start.sh
```


---

# Lastly copy paste the public url
Also don't forgot to add "/api" after the url.

- ### public link

eg: https://dd0b98d2abc3.ngrok-free.app
![public link](final_public_link.png)

- ### Add "/api"

## Final link: public link + "/api"

eg:  https://dd0b98d2abc3.ngrok-free.app/api

# Testing
- ### Use curl to test the api as ther is no UI.

Commit message:

feat: add multi-file upload support, robust env variable loading, and frontend preview
- Updated frontend to support multiple file uploads and show selected file names.
- Improved backend to handle multiple uploaded files and robustly extract question text.
- Enhanced environment variable loading in start.sh for permanent export to ~/.bashrc.
- Added last_n_words helper for concise logging.
- Improved error handling and retry logic for LLM

README.md, after:

# Read this file everything will happen on its own.

`Note: try to use linux distro or install WSL(subsystem for linux) on windows for soomth running.`

## 🚀 Features
- Automatically installs dependencies from `requirements.txt`
- Installs ngrok if not already installed
- Starts `uvicorn` server
- Exposes your local server publicly via ngrok
- Clean shutdown with **Ctrl+C**
---

## 📦 Prerequisites
Make sure you have:
- **Python 3.8+** installed
- **pip** installed

---


## 🔑 Getting Credentials
1. **Google API Key**  
   Get your key here:  
   [https://aistudio.google.com/apikey](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey)

2. **ngrok Auth Token**  
   Register and get your token here:  
   [https://ngrok.com/](https://ngrok.com/)

   ## ONLY COPY SELECTED PART
   ![ngrog screenshot](ngrok_ss.png)

---


## 🛠️ Installation: Just execute this file and enter your credentials

### 1. Make the script executable
```bash
chmod +x start.sh
```

### 2. Then run the script 
```bash
./start.sh
```


---

# Lastly copy paste the public url
Also don't forgot to add "/api" after the url.

- ### public link

eg: https://dd0b98d2abc3.ngrok-free.app
![public link](final_public_link.png)

- ### Add "/api"

## Final link: public link + "/api"

eg:  https://dd0b98d2abc3.ngrok-free.app/api

## Environment Variables Setup

This project loads environment variables from a file named `env_variables.txt` located in the project root.

**How to use:**

1. Create a file called `env_variables.txt` in the project directory.
2. Add your variables in the format:
   ```
   GENAI_API_KEY=your_google_api_key
   NGROK_AUTHTOKEN=your_ngrok_authtoken
   # You can add more variables as needed
   ```
3. When you run `start.sh`, these variables will be automatically loaded and exported to your environment.

**Note:**  
If a variable is already set, the script will ask if you want to change it


# Testing
- ### Use curl to test the api as ther is no UI.
